Well, I had a thing, you know,
we're trying to do this thing for veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan. Uh,
who've gotten sick from burn pits. Are you familiar at all with, with burn pits?
No. What is it? So in the Iraq war in Afghanistan,
I mean for this'll go back generations, but in Iraq and Afghanistan,
a lot of the, uh,
hire contractors to dispose of the detritus of war,
they would build these sometimes 10 acre, 20 acre pits.
Everything would go into them from a mess waste to hazardous
materials, to computers, to everything.
They light it with jet fuel. And they,
so now you've got guys that are downrange that are also down. I mean,
they're living, they're basically camping out onsite waste dump, right
incinerator.
So they come home and you're starting to see pulmonary issues,
cancer issues.
These guys they're dying and they're not being, it's not being,
they have to advocate against the government.
So we're trying to put together working with this, uh, teen coalition,
wounded warrior groups and people of BSOs and groups like that
to address this legislatively,
similar to what was done for the nine 11 community. Right?
So I thought, cause it's always about money. You know,
we always have money for war,
but we almost never have money to pay for what are the absolutely
could have seen coming a mile away consequences of what our veterans face when
they come back. Right? You don't take care of when they're, when they're out,
when they're out of sight, out of mind.
And so my idea was you have all these profiteers,
Raytheon, Haliburton, all these groups make them kick in 10%,
a contingency in war so that when these guys go home and the government
backs away,
there is money there to take care of what is the natural,
uh,
damage that's done to these people in the name
of fighting for our country so that they don't end their families. I mean,
these people have to become their own lawyers.
They have to go in front of medical boards and they have no support.
Their families have oftentimes caring for them,
whether they have health issues or traumatic brain injury or, uh,
you know, other kinds of invisible wounds. And they're kind of hung out to dry.
Yes, not kinda very much. So, um, you know,
the UFC had a program back in the day where we were, uh,
working with the Intrepid center for excellence,
to work with a traumatic brain injury patients and to raise money for
them. And we were doing this a UFC fight for the troops to raise money for it.
And what got me sick was how, how is it that we have do this?
Like,
how was it that this isn't something that's taken care of in the budget clearly
in advance, you're blowing people up and you're, you're,
you're not preparing for people to come back injured. You're sending young,
brave women and men to die for their country or, or risk severe brain damage.
And you don't have enough money set aside to treat them when they returned.
I'm like, that's insane. I mean.
Everybody thinks that soldiers come back and they've got healthcare for life and
they don't. No, they don't. You've got a five-year window,
but if you get something that they deem was not service-related,
so you could have been sleeping next to an open air burn pit. Uh,
there's a guy in Texas where we work with his wife, Rosie and Libra Torres.
Who's literally like his case. Wouldn't be, they,
they denied his case in front of the Texas Supreme court.
Yeah. It's evil people,
absolute intention to deny healthcare.
And it goes all the way back to desert storm. You remember,
you remember the whole Vietnam.
Still fighting the government over agent orange. Right.
And still being denied, but yeah, hunkers.
It's crazy.
And the depleted radiation sickness that people were getting from the Iraq.
Right. And the guys that went, you know, that, that K2 two base.
And I think it was, it was Becca Stan, and it was a toxic weight.
Like these soldiers literally had like irradiated taller on their boots,
sick as. And they can't get, you know, there's blue water horizon. There's,
I'm telling you like every inevitably.
And they're always told the same thing, Hey, we don't have a science yet.
You know, it's going to take us 20 to 25 years on the science,
but you do have the signs because you got the science from Vietnam,
like a jet fuel burn at the trade center.
So like the science is in use that science like stop with these
people and help them.
Yeah.
The jet fuel burn of the trade center is another excellent example of first
responders, right. That were terribly sick. And, and uh, many,
many of them died because of the fumes and, and,
and people in the surrounding areas. In fact, um,
Chris summers died of lung cancer and she lived near there. Yeah.
I don't doubt that it's related. It could be related, but it's many people did.
Jim. Jimmy's a driver. He was a cop and he got really sick. I mean,
those guys develop the, the pile cough like a day into the search and rescue,
but a job he gets sick and they kept trying to tell
him that a first it was in his head. And then it was,
it had nothing to do with where you were and working on the pile and nine 11.
And then they tried to say like, it's from snorting drugs, they
ruin this man's reputation. As he's dying, he dies.
They do an autopsy in his lungs.
Everything you could possibly imagine from a pulverized building,
as best as limestone Sinai, like, oh,
like it was an utter disaster
and they just keep fighting people.
And they're doing the same thing to these veterans now with, with the burn pits.
And it's, you know, the whole thing has just got to stop there.
There's gotta be a presumption, uh,
for these illnesses so that these guys don't have to fight so hard to get your
discipline disappear, your healthcare.
I think along the same lines,
we're talking about reform of the police department.
There has to be some reform of the healthcare system that deals with veterans,
because it seems to be just this long history of doing it a certain way to save
the most money possible. And the idea that these guys are sacrificial anyway,
you know, they're sending them off to potentially die. If they come back alive,
we, you know, we do our,
they do their very best to not treat them and to not spend any more money on
them. And it's, it's amazing.
We have so many guys that are still patriotic that still want to go and do this
considering the fact that they're treated so poorly when they return.
Yeah. And they lose, you know,
listen being in the military is isolating in the first place.
It's just not that, you know, it's only less than 1%.
I think of the population put on top of that. When you get out, you know,
you're used to being with a unit you're used to that camaraderie.
You're used to, uh, all pulling for the same, you know, working as a team. Well,
now you're removed from your unit and if you're hurt,
that's even further isolating, you know? Uh, and,
and in that moment to have to, then you're worried about your future,
your family's future. And in that moment, when you, when that's,
when the government should step in and go, amen,
where you fulfilled your service to us, you sort of filled that covenant.
We will fulfill that covenant to you. You know, we will send that, that,
you know, we'll do the right thing. Right. And they, and they do the opposite.
They do the opposite.
It's some of the is so simple and fair and obvious.
And you do wonder, like,
how has the system become so corrupt and corroded that we
can't anymore,
as a people do the right thing,
just do the right thing. How did that, how did we get here.